[James]
Previously on Power...
-[grunts]
-Broc? Yo. what the fuck. man?
[Kanan] And I trust you to do
what needs to be done here.
You remember Broc. right?
Dre went and beat the boy half to death.
Shot him in the head.
Tasha. where the fuck is the gun?
-Mind if we take a look in your trunk?
-I ain't got nothing to hide.
-[car trunk opens]
-
[gunshots]
You know the alibi I asked you for?
-For me. Ghost. Tariq?
-Tommy.
Well. I need one more.
I saw Kanan Stark at the penthouse
during Raina's wake.
He had opportunity to steal Tasha's gun.
Tasha went too far with that.
If we gonna be together.
that shit could happen again.
I don't want to have to do that again.
An arrest was made in the murder
of Special Agent Gregory Knox.
-Mike Sandoval?
-He's being remanded to the MCC tonight.
Look. Sandoval's gonna flip.
If he knows you two killed Lobos--
Oh. he tells him that. we're fucked.
We're sitting here talking about killing
a fucking United States attorney
-in a federal prison.
-What about Teresi?
I need your help.
-Look. you got a roommate in there.
-[Teresi] You got a name?
[in Spanish] That was for Greg.
[in English]
Feds have been sniffing around.
I guess we have no idea
what happened to Mike Sandoval.
No idea.
[camera shutter clicks]
[James] If Tommy Egan finds out the truth
about Tony Teresi.
he'll take care of him for both of us.
I told the feds
I was gonna drop a dime on you.
Then I got to know you
and I couldn't do it.
-[gunshot]
-I can't get sucked back in. Jamie.
We can't keep making this a thing.
Do you still love me?
What's this about?
You are going to give us
everything you have on St. Patrick.
and everybody you are both
affiliated with.
or else you are going down
right along with them.
They say this is a big. rich town
I just come from the poorest part
Bright lights. city life
I gotta make it
This is where it goes down
I just happen to come up hard
Legal or illegal. baby
I gotta make it
I never took a straight path nowhere
Life's full of twists and turns
Bumps and bruises
I live. I learn
I'm from that city full of yellow cabs
And skyscrapers
It's hard to get a start
In these parts without paper
Homey. I grew up in hell
A block away from heaven
That corner every 15 minutes
They moving seven
Pure snow. bag it. then watch it go
Occupational options
Get some blow or some hos
Shoot the ball or the strap
Learn to rap or to jack
Fuck it. man. in the meantime
Go ahead and pump a pack
This my regal. royal flow
My James Bond bounce
That double-O-seven
That's 62 on my count
I'm an undercover liar
I lie under the covers
Look a bitch in the eyes
And tell her. baby. I love ya
You're my inspiration
You're my motivation
You're the reason that I'm moving
With no hesitation
They say this is a big. rich town
Yeah. I just come
From the poorest part
Bright lights. city life
I gotta make it
This is where it goes down
- Oh. yeah
- Yeah
I just happen to come up hard
Legal or illegal. baby
I gotta make it
[sniffs. groans]
Thinking back to the day
When I used to beg God
Could a nigga get studio access?
And then my studio itself got robbed
Though you living like a movie
You an actress...
[sniffs. coughs]
[sniffles. groans]
...I lost everything
Due to this bullshit
You should know how far that I go
Because on my own
I know that with love comes war
Know that with love comes war
And you should have known
How far that I'd go
Because on my own
I know that with love comes war
Know that with love comes war...
Angie? Angie?
...Let me finish this...
You in the back?
...You got to keep at least
One foot to the ground
What. you don't know what slipping
On your pivot is
If it's talking about love
I was giving it
But I met my demise. it was imminent
Now I got stigmata and wine in my cup
She was reading the book
I was living it
-[line ringing]
-
Angie. it's me.
We need to talk. call me back.
[Cooper] What's it gonna be. Angela?
Talk or go to jail?
[John] Now that your lawyer's here.
it's time to make the decision. Angela.
We believe you colluded
with James St. Patrick
to murder AUSA Mike Sandoval.
We heard Mike say that he has dirt on you
the night you shot him.
-Now we know why.
-That's motive.
We also suspect you revealed Teresi's
CI status with the intention
of having him killed
to cover the Sandoval murder.
And do you have any proof
of these allegations?
Angela. you're facing charges
of criminal conspiracy to commit RICO.
And yet. you haven't provided
an indictment.
What's my client's incentive
for cooperating here?
[John] We'll consider a reduced sentence.
possible immunity.
[Cooper] All you have to do
is expose James St. Patrick.
who we now know is Ghost.
I don't think you know anything.
You haven't made a single arrest.
I want a real offer.
Full immunity or she says nothing.
That's impossible.
Disbarment. suspended sentence.
witness protection.
-That's the best we can do.
-I want 24 hours to consider.
I need to talk with my family.
The clock is ticking. Angela.
[door opens]
-Did she cop?
-[door closes]
[Jerry] Not a goddamn word.
[Charles]
If these allegations against you are true.
I would take the deal.
You are law enforcement.
If you go to prison. you will be killed.
I strongly advise you to take a deal...
and salvage what's left of your life.
I'll be waiting for your call.
[door opens. closes]
[cell phone clicks]
-Tasha.
-Oh. hell no.
I know you don't think
you're here to see me.
I realized dropping by
unannounced might be--
-Bullshit.
-Presumptuous.
I just wanted a chance
to explain my actions.
-I'm sorry.
-Sorry?
Terry. you had your chance.
You broke my heart.
James left me no choice.
He threatened to expose our relationship
to the ethics committee and-- and--
and lie about when it started
if I didn't lie for him.
Just like I thought you would do anything
to protect me.
Stay the fuck away from me. Terry.
And please don't be here when I come back.
[cell phone chimes. vibrates]
[door bangs]
[gun cocks]
-[door bangs]
-[Tommy] Who is it?
-[LaKeisha] It's Keisha.
-Who?
[LaKeisha] It's Keisha! Open the door.
[Tommy] Oh.
[scoffs] Thank God.
I've been calling you all night.
Yeah. I had something I had to do.
Look. I ain't tryin' to sweat you. Tommy.
I was worried.
You was worried?
-Yes.
-Nothing to worry about.
You should get out of here now.
-Move.
-Hey. hey.
-What the fuck is going on?
-[door closes]
Nothing.
Nothing?
Uh-uh.
You out here wildin'. Tommy.
And I ain't never seen you like this.
-So?
-[LaKeisha] So what happened?
You said you would never lie to me.
Tell me what happened.
[coughs] Go home. Keisha.
I'll call you later.
"Go home. Keisha"? Hold up.
We just had dinner with your family.
You calling me your girl and shit.
and now. you all fucked up
that you can't even talk to me?
-It's like I don't even know you.
-You don't want to know me.
I hurt everybody that gets close to me.
-I'm a goddamn monster.
-Tommy.
-Get out.
-Wait.
You're not a monster.
-Get out.
-You're not a monst--
Would you
get the fuck out of my apartment?
[breathes deeply]
-Fuck you. Tommy!
-No. wait. Lakeisha.
-Lakeisha.
-[LaKeisha] Stay the fuck away from me.
[Tommy] Lakeisha. I can explain!
Just-- I'm sorry!
-[door closes]
-[cell phone vibrating]
[sighs]
What the fuck?
[cell phone vibrating]
[exhales] Now?
[James] Tommy?
Tommy. you want to tell me
what's going on. bro?
You haven't said a word
since you got in the car.
-So. what. I'm supposed to guess?
-I just don't feel like talking.
Come on. man. look. You look like shit.
You smell fucking worse.
What the fuck is this meeting about.
anyway?
Tasha said she couldn't talk about it
over the phone.
I'm assuming it's about Tariq.
but it's bad enough
she wanted us both there. so.
You gots to sober the fuck up. brother.
Tommy. I'm serious.
Come on. man. what's wrong?
-You was right. Ghost.
-About?
About my...
Teresi.
He was a fucking lying-ass...
snitch talking to the feds.
I handled it.
What does that mean?
How did you handle it?
It's done. Believe me. it's done.
So you cleaned up your mess.
You know.
I thought you learned with Holly.
Don't talk about Holly. brother.
What I meant was I thought
you learned way before
that nothing or no one
should come between us.
We're brothers. that shit runs
deeper than blood. Tommy.
You know that. But you know what?
The way I figure. now things
can go back to normal. right?
Right. normal.
Angela. what are we doing out here?
-I'll tell you once we're inside.
-[keypad beeps]
We have a big problem.
Terry Silver is back
and he's asking questions.
What do you mean?
He showed up at my hotel this morning.
apologized for disappearing.
said that he thought
I was lying about Ghost.
but now. he knows that I wasn't.
I told him to get the fuck away from me.
Is he still in love with you?
-Wh-- what does that matter?
-Tasha. we're all in danger.
I don't know exactly why he's back.
but we may need Terry Silver on our side.
so I need you to keep him close...
by any means necessary.
Yeah. I understand.
Keep fucking him
until you tell me to stop.
[James]
I wonder if that shit is still there.
No way. right? Twenty fucking years ago.
-[chuckles softly]
-I swear to God.
Tasha. what the fuck?
Why you bring her here?
Calm down. okay? She actually brought us.
-This was her idea.
-Oh. oh. Our old high school.
Real cute. Angie.
Angie. I've been calling you all night.
what the fuck?
I haven't been able to answer
because I was in an interrogation room
-on the wrong side of the table.
-Wait a minute. you got arrested?
-What the fuck?
-Not yet.
But they gave me... [sighs]
...less than 21 hours to decide
if I'm testifying against all of you.
-We got to check this bitch for a wire.
-[Tasha] Yeah.
[both] Not you.
I am not wearing a wire.
I had to ditch a tail to get here.
How weird does this make you feel?
-Tommy. come on.
-She's clean.
None of you trust me.
After everything I've done
for each one of you.
-For you. Tasha.
-I know. okay?
And I'm not ignoring that.
but you're just like Ghost.
You always put yourself first.
Wait a minute. Tasha.
How'd I get in this shit?
Well. we're all on the same team now.
[Angela] There is a RICO investigation
into all of us focused on...
the Felipe Lobos. Mike Sandoval murders.
We are all implicated
because they are saying
we are a corrupt organization
formed for the purpose of selling drugs.
In order to prove a RICO case.
they have to prove
a series of predicate crimes
each of us has committed.
Why you put that under my name?
I never said I did that shit.
-Ghost. you said we did that shit?
-Nope. I didn't say we did shit.
This isn't about what you did.
This is about what they think you did.
Even though we all know you did it.
And Tasha. you helped them.
You gave them an alibi.
Don't leave your name off that list.
Angie.
-Don't forget about Mike Sandoval.
-What does she have to do with that?
Oh. she made sure
we knew where to find him.
Is this true. Angie? You put that in play?
The Feds think that I leaked
Mike Sandoval's information to you two
to have him killed inside.
And you knew we'd take care of him. Great.
He knew too much about me. Jamie.
About us.
We think this network reaches
much further and wider.
to Andre Coleman. Lakeisha Grant.
-And Joe Proctor.
-Exactly.
But if we're starting
with the people in charge.
-it all comes back to these four.
-Including Tasha St. Patrick?
If she alibied them for the Lobos hit.
then she knows exactly
what they are and what they do.
Did you know that she started out
in accounting school
-before she married St. Patrick?
-It makes sense. her name's on the books
at Lakeisha Grant's beauty shop.
along with Tommy Egan's.
And that's why we shut it down.
but we didn't find anything.
Lakeisha Grant doesn't know that.
If they had hard proof of any of this.
they would have arrested us all by now.
That's why they're pressuring me to talk.
-They need a witness.
-We need a witness.
As long as we don't flip. we're all safe.
As long as these four don't talk.
we can't do anything.
[Angela] As long as we don't break team.
we all walk.
[James] Yeah. but the problem is.
there's more people. right?
Than just the four of us.
More people know things about us.
[Angela] So each of us
should take on a potential weakness.
-Jamie. you control Proctor.
-Talk to anyone.
Tasha. you take on...
Lakeisha Grant.
Scare everyone.
I'll handle Andre Coleman.
I have an idea
that could make all of this go away.
And you. sir.
I agreed to help you
only to clear Tasha's name
of these ridiculous charges.
She's innocent.
I'll get her to flip.
[James] Hey. wait. Angie. Angie.
You're supposed to go out the back.
just in case.
It's funny. right? Us being back here.
-The same stairwell.
-We only have 20 hours
to make all of this go away.
After that. the indictments
are gonna start coming.
and it'll hit the press.
-The world as we know it will be over.
-So then. where do we stand. right?
I mean. Proctor's got this idea going.
Angie. that you're going to turn.
If that were true. would I be here?
Hmm?
I meant what I said in there.
Jamie. if I wanted to save myself.
I could have done it last night.
And you would never have seen me again.
I would never have seen you again.
-Do you understand?
-Yeah. I understand.
Wait. Angie. wait. wait.
We'll talk about this later.
when it's over.
When it's over.
-[both moaning]
-
-I'm going to miss you...
-[moans]
...so much. Dre.
[both moan]
As soon as I find out where I'm staying.
I'm going to send for you
and baby girl. okay?
-You promise?
-I promise.
Judgment. it stays
- And I know it's there...
-[lock clicks]
- ...But you won't say the words...
-[Tina moaning]
...No. you won't say the words
Gonna kiss goodnight
- And now I'll put up a fight...
-[both moaning]
- ...But you won't say the words...
-[Tina moans]
...No. you won't say the words...
[both moaning]
-
-[Tina moaning]
[Tina moaning]
-[gunshots]
-[mirror shatters]
-[glass smashes]
-[grunts]
-[mirror shatters]
-Boy. get the fuck up!
[both grunting]
Give me that gun!
-[groans]
-[gunshot]
[gunshots]
-[pants]
-The baby. Heaven!
[pants]
[Tina] I got you. It's okay. It's okay.
Oh. fuck.
-It's okay. baby.
-Oh. my God. Hey. baby.
-Who the fuck is this?
-I don't know. I just--
I don't have time. all right?
Just go to your mom's
until I call you. okay?
-What does that mean?
-Just go to your mom's
till I'll call you and talk to nobody.
Daddy loves you. okay? Daddy loves you.
[breathing heavily]
-Shit. [breathing heavily]
-
Let's go with this speech.
Let's put them on some cards. or--
[John] Councilman Tate.
Can I get a moment of your time?
Ah. you must be the reporter
from The Post.
It's about your relationship
with James St. Patrick.
I'm AUSA John Mak.
Allow me to show you to my office.
-Can I offer you some coffee or tea?
-No.
[clicks tongue] Please. Have a seat.
-You have my attention.
-I want your help as an informant.
If you cooperate. my office may forgive
some of your wrongdoings.
[chuckles softly]
Uh. Mr. Mak.
I don't know what you're talking about.
In the course of our investigation.
we audited St. Patrick's nightclub.
And we found some interesting discoveries
in your finances. too.
I think you'd make a fine governor.
I would hate for New York to lose
such a promising candidate.
-[door opens]
-What's up?
[sniffles] I got to go to the shop.
-
-[door closes]
Well. it's actually about the shop.
So. look.
the Feds are going to be sniffing around.
and I just need to make sure...
you know. that you're still down
to keep your mouth shut
about the money running through there.
Wow.
You coming over here
and asking me to break the law
for you again without even thanking me
for the last time?
I held it down for three hours. T.
And you didn't even call me afterwards
to see if I'm okay.
And it's obvious I've been crying. right?
Did you even notice? Do you even care?
You've been crying? About this?
No! Not everything is about you. Tasha!
[sighs]
Okay. I'm sorry. You're right.
You've had my back 100 times
this year. girl.
and I don't know how to repay you.
but I am trying.
Thank you. okay?
Look. I honestly haven't been
the same since Raina passed.
Sometimes. I don't even know
who I am anymore.
I know.
I'm so sorry. Tash.
[sniffles]
S-- so you're not going to say anything?
[scoffs]
When have I ever said shit. Tasha?
I've risked everything for your family
over and over again.
and you still need me to prove my loyalty?
Fuck that! What am I even being loyal to?
-Some old purses that you gave me once?
-[scoffs] Wow.
I got my own kid to worry about
and this isn't fair to either of us.
You know what. you're right.
It's not fair.
It's not.
But just remember.
your name's on those papers. too.
So if we go down... so do you.
-Fuck you.
-Fuck me?
This isn't friendship. This is blackmail.
Look. I'm sorry about Raina.
but I loved her. too.
Get the fuck out. Tasha.
-[Tasha] Are you serious?
-Yes. get out!
And don't come back!
[sighs]
[cell phone clicks]
-
-[cell phone chimes]
Look. I need you to hold
your end of the deal.
I need witness protection right now.
I'll get you WITSEC as promised.
But I'm going to need you to do
something else for me first.
I need you to implicate the Jimenez
in the murders of Felipe Lobos
and AUSA Miguel "Mike" Sandoval.
Say that Alicia ordered both those hits.
Oh. no. no. no.
Ghost and Tommy killed Lobos.
And I don't know shit
about the second one. so.
You don't have to know the details.
You just have to state that Alicia Jimenez
took out Lobos because she wanted
to expand her territory.
and then killed Mike
because he helped her do it
and was a loose end.
You sign the papers.
you go into protection immediately.
New ID. relocation. the works.
-But if you refuse--
-No. no. no. no. no.
I'll do it.
But that's it. nothing else.
Do you hear me?
You're the only one
going into protection. right?
-No family. no girlfriend?
-No. it's-- it's me and my daughter.
Look. I don't need the mother.
Just-- just make that happen. all right?
Wow. okay. We can try.
-Stay alive.
-Just hurry the fuck up.
[Angela] I'll be in touch.
After this morning. I--
I wasn't sure
you'd ever want to see me again.
Come in.
Why did you really come back. Terry?
I wanted to see you.
Tasha.
you said that you would divorce James
after he got the Queens Child Project.
Did you mean it?
Yes. I meant it.
-I need to move on.
-Then you should file now.
There's a RICO mounting against James.
Indictments are coming down
in the next few days.
[Tasha] How do you know that?
If you initiate the divorce.
the feds will offer you immunity
to testify against him.
You need to stay out of prison. Tasha.
For your kids.
For me.
Testify about what? He didn't do anything.
Tasha. I know you're innocent morally.
but not technically.
Of everyone implicated.
you have the most to lose.
If you take a deal.
you can walk away from everything. hmm?
Start over... with me.
Live the life we both deserve.
-[Cooper] Lakeisha Grant!
-[car door closes]
You in the wrong neighborhood.
Ooh. actually.
I'm exactly where I need to be.
AUSA Cooper Saxe. I need to talk to you
about Tasha St. Patrick.
-She's an investor in your salon.
-I don't fuck with Tasha.
Mm. what about your. uh...
bae. Tommy Egan?
-I'm not fucking with Tommy. either.
-Hmm. Connie Teresi says different.
She and her husband. Tony. had dinner
with the two of you the other night?
-So what?
-Tommy's in huge trouble. and so are you.
We have reason to believe
you're laundering his drug money
through your shop.
[sighs]
I'll give you a walk on any charges
if you can get Tommy to flip
on James St. Patrick.
Tommy ain't no snitch. And neither am I.
Really? Even if Tommy knew his buddy James
was involved in his father's death?
You're wasting your time.
[sighs]
-Going to the city.
-[car door closes]
[cab driver] Yes. ma'am.
[Joe] James!
I got something for you.
You're not gonna buy me dinner first?
It was one time and under duress.
Jesus Christ!
Besides. that award-winning performance
is the reason why I am no longer
a viable witness against you.
-But Angela--
-Is not turning on me. Joe.
She's protecting me. You know what?
-They brought her in for questioning.
-[sighs]
And guess what. Joe? She didn't break.
-You don't get it. James.
-What don't I get?
-Please enlighten me.
-Well. I'll tell you.
My guy. Charlie. saw FBI windbreakers
coming for re-questioning
on the Lobos transport.
They're trying to link you. Tommy.
and Angela to Lobos and Sandoval.
Well. that's funny. Joe. You know why?
Because you and I sat
in an office and you were colluding
with me and Tommy
to kill Sandoval. not Angela.
Yeah. and my life has turned
into a fucking hell
because I care enough to protect you.
Well. listen to this one.
It doesn't matter
if it's me or Angela that's implicated.
Charlie also saw Saxe
talking to Terry Silver.
Silver's back?
And Silver links all of us
to Sandoval through Angela.
[exhales]
-So if you won't burn her--
-Which I won't.
[Joe] Then we only got one other shot.
Tommy.
-I should fucking kill you.
-Listen to me.
Okay. it works.
You tell the feds
that Teresi called Tommy.
told him Sandoval
was in the Manhattan Correctional Center.
Tommy told dear old dad to merc Sandoval.
That version leaves us all out of it.
me. you. and Angela.
If Terry Silver talks.
he looks like a fucking liar.
And I know what you're going to say.
-You'll never flip on Tommy.
-Which I won't. but you would.
-[Joe sighs]
-How do I know we can trust you?
You would obviously protect
your daughter first.
That's my flesh and blood.
not some fucking delusional fairy tale.
I thought you were smarter than that.
You're getting played.
Come on.
You have to let this Angela thing go.
-[scoffs]
-Bring me anything else you find out.
[car horns honking]
-[lighter flicks]
-[indistinct chatter]
[Angela]
I don't have time for lunch today.
-What's the emergency?
-John Mak came to the salon.
-I'm sorry he bothered you--
-Thank God he did.
You have to take the deal
they're offering. It's your only way out.
-It's not that easy.
-Yes. it is.
You just sign their little piece of paper
and tell them whatever they want.
[in Spanish] I know. You love him.
[in English] But this decision.
isn't just about what you want now.
It's about Papi and Junior and me.
You got to think about your family.
You got to think about your career
that you've worked so hard on.
Are you kidding me? You don't think
I've been thinking about this
from the beginning?
My career is over. Paz.
no matter what I do.
I have to start over entirely.
Then you start over. without Jamie.
without any of that.
-It's not about Jamie.
-It's always about Jamie!
Ever since he came back into your life.
But what is gonna happen
when you lie for him. hmm?
[in Spanish] You can't blow up your life
for him again.
-He's still with his wife.
-No. he's not.
-Plus. she's okay with us now.
-[Paz sighs]
That doesn't matter.
You still think someday
this will all work out.
[in English] You gotta save yourself.
[in Spanish] We'll be here for you.
We'll take care of you.
Even if you have no money.
Even if you have to sleep on my couch.
[in English] At least you'll be safe.
I mean. we'll be together.
I'm trying to get out of it. Paz. okay?
I think I have a way. Can you trust me?
[door locks]
[sighs]
What are you doing here?
You know we can't be seen together.
Angie. calm down.
I took necessary precautions.
-What happened with Proctor?
-It's handled.
-How about Dre?
Okay. now we just wait.
see how your plan plays out.
[sighs]
So. Angela...
what do we do when this is over?
Jamie. are we still the dream?
As long as you're you and I'm me.
we're always gonna be running
from something.
Is this the ending you wanted?
-What if it's the new beginning?
-We tried that.
[James] Yeah. but not like this.
Now we know the best and worst parts
of each other. It's better than the dream.
It's real.
[sighs]
When you're standing here in front of me.
it feels possible.
But the world outside tells the truth.
[scoffs] It's like what Tasha said before.
right?
-I always save myself. and so do you.
-But now. we're saving each other.
Let's save each other.
You should go.
I'll see you when it's over.
When it's over.
[indistinct chatter]
-[James] This is a great day. right?
-[chuckles] Finally.
Man. finally breaking ground
to honor Raina.
-Very exciting.
-And yet. still not as exciting
as the announcement
for your gubernatorial campaign.
Yeah. about that.
I'm going to postpone my announcement.
I don't want to distract
from Raina's legacy.
No. Rashad. we made a deal.
We said that the coverage
you got for the announcement
would be a boon for our project.
-That was the original agenda.
-But?
There are rumblings
of a federal investigation
into Tommy Egan.
And that could detract from us...
this project. which is very important.
Now listen here. if they ask you to...
-you need to cooperate with them fully.
-Nigga. you from this hood.
You want me to snitch
on my last remaining day one?
If you don't. then both of our careers
are on the line.
And any of this shit blows back onto you.
then I'm gonna have to cooperate with them
if they ask me to.
-I promise you--
-They won't give me a choice.
-James.
-Listen to me. Rashad.
-Listen. I know how this goes.
-Rashad. listen to me!
Now. I just said... it won't get to that.
Everything's under control.
Fucking take a deep breath.
[indistinct chatter]
You have my word.
I want you to get up on that stage.
and give these people your word...
Governor Tate.
[scoffs]
[indistinct chatter]
-All right. [clears throat]
-[man] Here he is.
Councilman Tate from Queens!
[crowd applauding]
Ladies and gentleman.
before I introduce my partner
of the Queens Child Project.
James St. Patrick.
I would like to make
an announcement of my own.
It is with great honor...
that I declare my bid
for governor of New York...
-[crowd exclaims]
-...in this year's upcoming election.
[crowd cheering. applauding]
I'm throwing my hat into the ring
to become the first elected...
Black governor of this great state
of New York!
[crowd cheering. applauding]
Without further ado. my dear partner.
James St. Patrick.
[applauding continues]
Thank you. Rashad.
And there's no doubt that you and I
will be making history together.
It's been a long road
to get to this groundbreaking.
Through my grief. I made mistakes...
perhaps. even made some enemies
along the way.
But I can assure you.
it was all in pursuit
of keeping a part of my baby girl alive.
Our baby girl.
My wife. Tasha.
joins me today in this fight.
[crowd cheering. applauding]
We are both here in the fight
and we finally feel
that we've come to a place
where we can say
that the fight has been won.
This center will serve as a safe haven.
For parents. for children.
It will serve by giving opportunities
to people away from the streets.
Programs that I wish I had
when I was growing up.
When I was the age of these kids.
to make my road a lot easier.
So that no father. no-- no mother.
should ever have to bury their child
due to violence. crime
and drugs ever again.
-
-[crowd applauding]
[James] Thank you. guys.
All right. let's start digging.
Children. come on up!
One at a time. come on.
step up. come on. come on.
-Don't bite me. don't bite me.
-[camera shutters clicking]
Get ready. one. two. three.
[crowd cheering]
-What the hell?
-When were you gonna to tell me
that Terry Silver was back in town. Tash?
-Who told you that?
-It don't make no never mind.
Did you know?
[scoffs] I didn't know anything
until this very minute.
You see that. Tasha? I-- I don't know
if I can fucking believe you.
Are you breaking team. huh?
-Is that what you're trying to do here?
-[scoffs] Are you kidding me?
What. I'm-- I'm going to run off
with Terry Silver?
You must be fucking tripping. Ghost.
Well. you can't run off with him
because he's working with the feds.
Tasha. just stay the fuck away
from Terry Silver.
I will.
-Good.
-[Tasha] Can I go now?
-[car engine starts]
-[car door closes]
-[door knocks]
-[Tommy] Come in! It's open!
-Hey. Lakeisha.
-[door closes]
Thank you for coming back.
-You cleaned up the place.
-[Tommy chuckles]
Yeah. a little bit.
About that...
Oh. c-- come on.
come here. have a seat.
[sighs]
I-- I-- I bought wine.
-[chuckles]
-You want a glass of wine?
I'm good.
I wanted to talk to you about earlier.
I know I don't look like it.
but I used to be that guy.
dipping in my own product.
Since we've been back together...
I ain't that guy no more.
But this morning. I-- I was that.
Because your dad's dead.
I'm so sorry. Tommy.
How do you know that?
I didn't snoop. I promise.
This lawyer from the government.
Cooper Saxe. he came by my place--
What that motherfucker want?
He ask you about me?
He ask you to turn on me?
-Is that it?
-No.
He wants you to flip on Ghost.
And Tommy. he said
if I can't convince you.
then they're gonna file charges
against me.
And if I go to jail.
then CPS is going to take Cash.
Fuck. no. no. no. no. no.
I'm not gonna let them do that.
You can't stop them.
I mean. I know you ain't no snitch. Tommy.
But I don't see it no other way.
I mean. come on.
After all that Ghost has put you through?
Does he even deserve your loyalty?
Tommy. the lawyer said
he killed your pops.
That's a lie.
They'll say anything to get you to talk.
Hey. since we've been back together.
I've always had your back... right?
Even with all this crazy shit
that's popped off.
Have I kept my word?
-You threw me out this morning.
-[Tommy] And I said I was sorry.
And you said that you was down
for anything.
But if you're not...
if you ain't...
you should snitch.
Lakeisha. you should save yourself.
save your business. save your son.
Keisha. I wouldn't even blame you.
But if you stay...
I promise I'll protect you and Cash.
We'll be family.
But you got to be all in.
Okay.
I'm all in.
[chuckles]
-[2-Bit] Yo. you good?
-Yeah. I'm good.
You called me to borrow my vest.
Who the fuck put a target
on your back?
Fucking Alicia. dawg.
First she demoted me.
then she sent two hitters
to kick in my door and try to kill me.
My daughter and my baby moms
was in there.
She locked up.
Why would she get you shot up?
I don't know. okay? I don't know.
But I'm leaving tonight.
where no one can find me.
So I need you to call
the primeras and collect the money.
and I need you to get
as much cash as I can.
-and get the fuck out of here.
-Money ain't your problem.
If you right and Alicia looking for you.
she gonna find you.
Look.
Ghost is fucking a federal prosecutor.
She wants me to say
that Alicia ordered all those hits.
I agreed to say what she wants.
but I ain't gonna say it.
When I get in there. I'ma tell the truth.
that Ghost and Tommy are the ones
that planned all the shit
that she's talking about.
-What?
-[Dre] She don't know.
-So when Ghost and Tommy get picked up...
-[metal clangs]
-...that solves everything. man.
-[gun cocks]
All my problems get handled.
I can just come back when shit cool down.
-So. you telling me you a goddamn snitch?
-Bro. I got a daughter I got to protect.
You feel me? So. you got a better plan?
[2-Bit sighs]
Broc. You say he went
on the run out of town. right?
-Yeah.
-Something about him catching a body?
-Why you ain't try reaching out to him
instead of snitching?
-You know he would help you hide out.
-Yeah. I tried reaching out.
The first person I called.
but he ain't answer. bro.
Look. all I got is you and Spanky. bro.
So. you gonna give me this money or not?
[chuckles] I got you.
[mumbles]
Respect. man. Let me get that.
Ay. yo. you hear from Broc.
tell him I said what up.
All right. done deal.
I got you. it's easy.
I got you.
How did you know about the RICO. Terry?
You keep saying
you want a new life with me.
but you won't even tell me the truth.
The feds believe that James
had AUSA Sandoval killed
with Angela's help.
When she told me that Mike was arrested
and being held
at the Manhattan Correction Center.
she broke the rules.
[exhales]
But it's not just that you've been asked
to make a statement. is it?
You've been asked to get me to turn.
-I volunteered. Tasha.
-What?
Working with the feds
is the only way for me
to have the credibility to save you.
Tell the feds everything
you know about James.
You don't owe him anything.
I can't send the father
of my children to prison.
If we're ever going to have
a real chance at being together.
you're gonna need to say
that Angela never told you
about Mike Sandoval
or the Manhattan Correctional Center.
-But I already said she did.
-What about Proctor?
I mean. he's got dirty clients. burn him.
Blame it on him.
Terry. you let me down before.
Please. don't let me down again.
Okay?
Please.
[pant unzips]
[moans]
Yes.
[breathing heavily]
Yes. [sighs]
-[rain pattering]
-
[police siren blaring]
Come on. You ain't gonna shoot me
in broad daylight.
-No?
-Plus. if I was on some bullshit.
-you'd be dead by now.
-[laughs] Oh. yeah?
I know some shit that'll save your life.
-What?
-Dre is about to snitch on you and Ghost.
He planning to meet
with a fed later tonight.
You got some fucking balls
coming down here
and snitching on your right-hand man.
I ain't gonna sit in the fucking rain.
Get in the car.
Why should I trust you?
'Cause I'm the reason
you still got a connect.
-That right? How you mean?
-I gave Kanan the drop on Jason.
If it wasn't for me. Dre and Ghost
would have smoked that Serbian nigga.
Ghost? What's Ghost got to do with it?
Ghost made a deal with Dre.
Ghost killed Diego. Dre killed Jason.
I told Kanan
and he stopped the hit on your boy.
-I was down with Kanan.
-[Tommy] Yeah. I was. too.
Look. I understand everything you saying.
But what I can't wrap my head around
is why you'd come here and tell me this.
-What's your angle?
-Kanan said if anything happened to him.
I should come eat with you.
You got drugs and no people.
Right now. I got people and no drugs.
Me and you got a common enemy.
Dre's a fucking rat.
And if we work together.
we can get rid of him.
-What's your plan?
-[2-Bit] I already set it up.
And he gonna be wearing a vest.
so. headshots only.
[chuckles] I like that.
I can see why Kanan fucked with you.
All right. look. I'm in.
Jump out the ride. man.
I gotta make a call.
It's fucking raining.
-This is bullshit.
-[car door opens]
[line ringing]
-[car door closes]
-Hey. look. I got a line on Dre.
I-- I'ma clip him.
but I know we're all supposed
to be on the same team.
so I just thought I would share.
Well. what. you got a fucking better idea?
Angela!
[cell phone keypad clacking]
Where the fuck are you. yo?
[gunshots]
[grunts]
Uh-huh!
-[gunshots]
-[grunts]
-
-[gunshots]
[man shouts]
[gunshots]
-[gun cocks]
-Come on. motherfuckers!
-[grunts]
-[gunshots]
-Come on!
[bullets ricocheting]
[groans]
[glass shatters]
-Get in if you want to live.
-[groans]
-Andre Coleman.
I'm here on behalf of AUSA Angela Valdes.
If you sign implicating the Jimenez Cartel
in the pre-agreed charges.
I can take you into protection now.
Or I could let you back outside.
Tommy. Tommy!
Why the fuck you ain't take the shot?
-[gunshots]
-[whimpers]
I can give you some more time
to think about it.
Fuck it then. man!
-Let's go.
-[car engine revs]
-[cell phone clicks]
-[Dre groans]
[cell phone vibrates]
That's right. you little bitch.
[scoffs]
[exhales] Shit!
You let him fucking get away. Tommy. man!
You should have shot him
in the fucking face!
I feel bad I ever even liked that nigga.
-What the fuck. Tommy?
-Y'all want to eat. right?
Let's get you boys some weight to move.
We back in business. Come on.
Hurry up. Mr. Mak. Mr. Saxe.
Well. looks like a motion to quash
the subpoena of a one Deleterious Silver.
This is his lawyer. Ms. Otombre.
Your client was cooperating with us.
Your Honor.
what's Mr. Hamilton doing here?
Mr. Hamilton has informed me
that the government has a witness.
Andre Coleman.
who stipulates that the murders
of Felipe Lobos
and their former colleague. Mike Sandoval.
were ordered by Alicia Jimenez.
who they have in custody.
Your Honor. this is the first
we're hearing of this.
If they already know Alicia Jimenez
ordered the murders.
then they no longer need my client
since he has no connection to her.
What information
could he possibly provide?
Your client already told us
he heard the information
from AUSA Angela Valdes.
That's why Mr. Hamilton is over there.
grinning like the Cheshire Cat.
I object to the characterization
of my face. Your Honor.
and I'm only here as an interested party.
Well. what about it. Ms. Otombre?
Did your client tell Mr. Mak
he heard about Sandoval's whereabouts
from AUSA Valdes or not?
It wouldn't be the first time
a witness felt pressured
by the DOJ to make a statement
under duress.
-That's bullshit.
-Mr. Mak.
Testifying for the prosecution
will harm my client's ability
to continue his practice
in criminal law. Your Honor.
What potential defendant will trust him
if he's working for the other side?
I sympathize. I see your reasoning.
-Your Honor--
-But. Mr. Silver
is still an officer of the court.
He has to appear and tell the truth.
no matter what.
And where is your client right now.
Ms. Otombre?
He should have been here half an hour ago.
[objects thudding]
What the fuck. John? You're leaving?
Angela never pulled that recommendation
she gave me for the DC job.
-I got it and I'm out of here.
-Come on. you can't bail on me now.
leave me standing here
with my dick in my hand.
I know we lost our leverage on Angela
with the Sandoval murder.
but... we still got a witness
against Egan and St. Patrick.
-Who?
-Maria Suarez.
She called me today.
She-- she saw St. Patrick out in Queens.
and she's pretty fucking worked up.
And we-- we still have
Teresi's testimony on tape.
Yeah. but Teresi's dead
and it's not gonna be admissible in court.
Wha-- [sighs]
There are other ways to use it.
We just-- we have to be creative.
Come on. look. I'm going to call Proctor.
and then I'm gonna go for a ride
and stir shit up.
-You in?
-Mm.
I'm fucking out of here.
This is bullshit. man.
You're letting them win.
Good luck. Saxe.
-[indistinct chatter on TV]
-[knock on door]
-Who the fuck is that?
-I don't know.
[door knocks]
Keisha. turn that shit off!
Go hide in the back.
Fuck you want?
Oh. I just wanted to extend my condolences
in person about your old man.
Too bad your former business partner.
St. Patrick and his girlfriend.
had your dad murdered.
-That's a lie.
-Angela knew Teresi was a snitch.
See. a guy in our office. John Mak.
told her in exchange
for getting a new job in D.C.
-God damn. you all are dirty.
-Sure. we color outside the lines.
But Angela knew. and you know
she shared it with St. Patrick.
That makes her the dirtiest of them all.
Teresi was a snitch.
He deserved to die.
no matter how it happened.
[Cooper] You sure about that?
Would it change anything
if you knew who he was snitching on?
-[recorder beeps]
-[Teresi] Mike Sandoval?
Tommy didn't have nothing to do with it.
[breathing heavily] Because honestly...
Tommy's kept me at arm's length
about anything important.
I got nothing on him.
But I can give you St. Patrick.
Ghost... on a stake.
If it were me. I'd seriously consider
flipping on Angela and Ghost.
I mean. they've certainly turned on you.
Your father loved you.
The tape proves it.
If you got people
expecting you somewhere...
I would go find them.
[scoffs]
I'll. uh...
fuck off.
Say hi to Lakeisha for me.
-[lock clicks]
-[recorder beeps]
[Teresi] Mike Sandoval?
Tommy didn't have nothing to do with it.
[breathing heavily] Because honestly...
Tommy's kept me at arm's length
about anything important.
-I got nothing on him.
-[recorder beeps]
[Teresi] Mike Sandoval?
Tommy didn't have nothing to do with it.
[breathing heavily] Because honestly...
Tommy's kept me at arm's length
about anything important.
I got nothing on him.
-You did it. right?
-[sobs]
Your dad.
That's why you said
you always hurt people that love you?
He told me...
before I did it.
He said he didn't snitch on me.
I didn't believe him.
You couldn't.
You understand why I did what I did?
Yeah.
And that's why we had to get away
from Ghost and Tasha. Tommy.
Ghost was supposed to be your family.
He could've come to me
if he knew about Teresi.
He didn't say a goddamn word.
And then. this morning.
when I told him that I did it...
I gotta go out.
I know.
Tommy.
I'll be here when you get back.
-[Angela] Tasha. come in.
-Thanks.
-Have a seat.
-[door locks]
Can I get you anything?
I'm having white
but I can open a bottle of red.
-No. white is fine.
-[Angela] Great.
[lock clicks]
Go ahead and throw your things anywhere.
-Mm-hmm. thanks.
-[cabinet door shuts]
Convincing Terry not to show up to testify
was a gamble and a much riskier plan
than having him perjure himself.
He must care about you a lot.
That wasn't my plan.
He was supposed to show.
I think that was your plan with Ghost.
Tasha. that's not true.
How else did Ghost know
that Silver was back? I only told you.
I haven't talked to Jamie
since this morning.
Maybe Silver left town again?
I didn't tell him.
-[Tasha scoffs]
-[Tommy] Oh. so you didn't tell Ghost
that Teresi was talking
to the feds. either?
-[door closes]
-[locks click]
Yes. that I told Jamie.
To protect you. to protect everyone.
I told Jamie to tell you about it.
-What's going on here?
-What do you think?
-[gasps] Whoa. hey. hey. hey.
-Well. Ghost didn't say shit to me.
He went to Vincent Ragni.
And Vincent had me kill Teresi.
Your buddy. "Ballsacks."
paid me a little visit.
He played me a tape...
where Teresi was talking about Ghost.
Didn't say shit about me.
And that's why you two broke team.
-No--
-To protect yourselves.
-That's not true!
-You don't know how long
I've been waiting for this.
-It's time for you to go. Angela.
-Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
How did Vincent prove to you
that Teresi was snitching?
Pictures. did he show you pictures?
Yeah. the pictures that you gave Ghost.
You need to get those back
because you can see Saxe's desk in them.
I'm the one who took those photos
of those pictures on his desk.
They'll trace back to me. then to you.
Saxe won't have any reason to believe
that Jamie would go
to the Italians with that information.
-[whimpers]
-No. Tommy.
I can't believe I'm saying this shit.
Go. Tommy.
We'll deal with this bitch later.
[Angela breathes deeply]
Tasha. I swear.
I didn't have Jamie kill Silver.
-If he broke team. he did that on his own.
-Would you be surprised if he did?
[scoffs]
-[door opens. closes]
-[exhales]
No.
[Vincent] Tommy.
I'm going to pour you
the biggest goddamn shot
you ever had in your life.
That's all right.
I can't stay.
Another time. then.
Look. I know I asked a lot of you.
But you did this family right.
So because of that.
whatever happened before...
is behind us.
Where'd you get 'em?
Huh?
Them pictures of Teresi talking.
Does it matter?
I killed my father for you...
for your family.
Tell me the truth.
Your friend. black guy in a suit.
He gave you those pictures.
so you would kill Teresi for ratting?
No.
He wanted you to do it.
[chuckles softly]
Let me get you those photos.
You got interesting taste in friends.
Tommy.
-[sighs]
-[Vincent] And I understand.
It's hard finding people
we can trust to go the hard way.
people who get it. get this life.
People who see in you
what no one else wants to see...
That we're monsters.
Anyway.
At least it's over.
Not yet.
One more thing I gotta do.
[Charles]
I don't have good news for you. Angela.
The case against James St. Patrick
may not be over.
A friend of mine was able to slip me
a witness statement
from a few weeks ago.
Jesus. I thought it was over.
I thought we'd won.
Who's the witness?
Have you ever heard the name Maria Suarez?
No.
Well. according to her statement.
Maria and her boyfriend. Miguel.
were kidnapped by Tommy Egan
and some of his guys.
They were taken to the basement
of the Truth nightclub...
where James St. Patrick.
who Tommy's guys called Ghost...
killed Miguel.
-Did Maria escape?
-[Charles] No.
She said Ghost let her go.
And there's something else.
You were right about. um...
Terry Silver. He is missing.
But how did you know?
[elevator bell dings]
James.
The case isn't over.
They have a witness against you.
And she is willing to testify.
You hear that? She. a woman.
A woman who could identify you as Ghost.
Now. who the hell could that be?
See. I know how Tasha felt
when you were inside.
She would not send you back there.
For the sake of the kids.
Look. listen.
there's only one explanation.
Okay. there's only--
there's only one woman left.
Now. you know I hate to be wrong.
But sometimes. I really hate to be right.
So. what are you gonna do about it. James?
Hey.
[Angela] Why did you want to meet here?
Just been thinking a lot. Angie. about...
how we got caught
making out in this stairwell...
about that last slice of pizza...
I took you to get
before you left for Choate...
About how long I've loved you.
I've always loved you.
Even when I hated you.
I still loved you. too.
I've always loved you. too. Jamie.
What did you mean today when you said
"I always save myself. and so do you"?
I meant that we both look out
for our own survival.
And sometimes that means that I hurt you.
[breathes sharply]
Sometimes that means you hurt me. too.
Proctor said the case
against me isn't over.
He said there's a witness against me.
Angie.
Said the witness is a woman.
Is that woman you. Angie?
Is that how you hurt me
for your own survival?
That's why you asked me here?
To figure out if I was testifying
against you?
Are you?
-No.
-Then who's the woman?
-[locker thuds]
-I thought we were supposed to be honest
-with each other.
-If we're being honest
with each other. Jamie.
what the hell happened
to Terry Silver. hmm? Did you kill him?
-You don't trust me.
-And you don't trust me.
Did you kill Terry Silver?
It's over.
If we can't be honest with each other.
there's nowhere we can go.
I know we said that we would
get back together
when this was over. but I think this. us.
needs to finally be done as well.
Good-bye. Jamie.
[cell phone ringing]
-[exhales]
-I didn't do it. Angie.
I didn't kill him.
I want to believe you.
So believe me.
[muffled grunting]
[gun cocks]
I love you. Angie.
-[gasps]
-[gunshot]
[gasps]
-[gasping]
-Jesus.
[gasps. whimpers]
[screams]
-[Angela] Jamie. Jamie.
-I'm here. shh.
-Jamie...
-I'm here. I'm here. [whimpers]
-[breathes heavily]
-[James] No. no. no.
Angie? Angie!